Add release notes for v3.1.0 (#168)
libremfg/rhize-docs: content/releases/3-1-0.md

### Row Level Access Control
Rhize now features row level access control. It also requires a different scopemap than previous versions of BAAS. This is a breaking change.

The new scope map features rules and jurisdictions. Jurisdictions can be used to create a group of permissions for certain entities within a hierarhcy scope. This is useful for allowing contract manufacturing organizations to read/write to the data hub, without being able to see the entire manufacturing knowledge graph.

Rhize v3.0.3 will require the following change to your BAAS scopemap in order to be compatible with security going forward:
- a rule with the `admin` role for specific actions, such as setting up the schema. 

Ensure that your scopemap contains the following rule in some form, with "admin" being case-sensitive:

```json
{
    "id": "rule-001",
    "description": "Admins can do everything",
    "roles": [
        "admin"
    ],
    "resources": [
        "*"
    ],
    "actions": [
        "*"
    ],
    "jurisdictions": [
        "*"
    ]
}
```

If you are looking to take advantage of this new functionality see [how to configure your scopemap]({{< relref "row-level-access-control.md" >}}).

> ### Configuration Harmonization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### YAML configurtation files
```

> Rhize services now use YAML instead of JSON for their configuration files. This is represented in Helm overrides by the object `rhize<SERVICE>Config` (i.e. `rhizeAuditConfig`). Charts for v3.1.0 should only create YAML config files, however there may be differences in the keys for certain configuration options. Consult the values file for each Helm chart and the changelog for specific changes as necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rhize services now use YAML instead of JSON for their configuration files. This is represented in Helm overrides by the object `rhize<SERVICE>Config` (i.e. `rhizeAuditConfig`). Charts for v3.1.0 should create only YAML config files, though there may be differences in the keys for certain configuration options. Consult the values file for each Helm chart and the changelog for specific changes as necessary.
```

### Notable schema changes

#### Material Lot & Sublot Quantity Unit of Measure

> - `quantityUnitOfMeasure` has been deprecated in favor of `quantityUoM` for MaterialLot and MaterialSubLot in order to standardize variable name across the schema. While `quantityUnitOfMeasure` is deprecated it will continue to work and will be removed in a future releaase. To migrate before the `quantityUnitOfMeasure` is completely removed, ensure all clients are now using `quantityUoM`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `quantityUnitOfMeasure` has been deprecated in favor of `quantityUoM` for MaterialLot and MaterialSubLot in order to standardize variable names across the schema.
While `quantityUnitOfMeasure` is deprecated, it will continue to work until it is removed in a future releaase. To migrate before the `quantityUnitOfMeasure` is completely removed, ensure all clients are now using `quantityUoM`:
```

>     1. Query all `quantityUnitOfMeasure` for `MaterialLot` and `MaterialSubLot`, and store information to disk.
>     1. Delete all relationships for `quantityUnitOfMeasure` from `MaterialLot` and `MaterialSubLot`.
>     1. Upgrade schema.
>     1. Patch in stored `quantityUnitOfMeasure` as `quantityUoM` for `MaterialLot` and `MaterialSubLot`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Query all `quantityUnitOfMeasure` for `MaterialLot` and `MaterialSubLot`, and store information to disk.
1. Delete all relationships for `quantityUnitOfMeasure` from `MaterialLot` and `MaterialSubLot`.
1. Upgrade schema.
1. Patch in stored `quantityUnitOfMeasure` as `quantityUoM` for `MaterialLot` and `MaterialSubLot`.
```

#### Job Order Dispatch Status

> - `DispatchStatus` has been changed to match ISA-95 standard set. Existing status' which didn't align are now deprecated. The will continue to work but will be removed in a future release. It is recommended to migrate clients to the new set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DispatchStatus` has been changed to match the ISA-95 standard. Existing statuses that didn't align are now deprecated. They will continue to work until removed in a future release. It is recommended to migrate clients to the new set.
```

### Operations Event Definition Record Specification Uniqueness
- The `id` field for `OperationsEventDefinitionRecordSpecification` has been changed to use the `@id` directive. Each `id` must now be unique, thereby any duplicate ids will cause issues. To fix:

    1. Query all `id` on `OperationsEventDefinitionRecordSpecification`.
    1. Determine any duplicate values.
    1. For any duplicate values, assign a unique `id`.
    1. Patch in any `id` changes.
    1. Upgrade schema.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

-----

```

Rhize now features row level access control. It also requires a different scopemap than previous versions of BAAS. This is a breaking change.

The new scope map features rules and jurisdictions. Jurisdictions can be used to create a group of permissions for certain entities within a hierarchy scope. This is useful for allowing contract manufacturing organizations to read and write to the data hub without being able to access the entire manufacturing knowledge graph.

Rhize v3.0.3 will require the following change to your BAAS scopemap in order to be compatible with security going forward:
- a rule with the `admin` role for specific actions, such as setting up the schema. 

Ensure that your scopemap contains the following rule in some form, with "admin" being case-sensitive:

```json
{
    "id": "rule-001",
    "description": "Admins can do everything",
    "roles": [
        "admin"
    ],
    "resources": [
        "*"
    ],
    "actions": [
        "*"
    ],
    "jurisdictions": [
        "*"
    ]
}
```

If you are looking to take advantage of this new functionality see [how to configure your scopemap]({{< relref "row-level-access-control.md" >}}).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read how to [Configure your scopemap]({{< relref "row-level-access-control.md" >}}). 

```
